hi i'm jimmy i'm the host of the show
thanks for watching
we are back to work after uh
a full week of vacation i have to be
honest i'm glad to be back
we went on uh crews you ever been on a
cruise car no never
we went on a uh on a cruise through the
suez canal
you ever done that very slow
very very it's almost as if we weren't
moving at all
i have to say after all the fighting and
the tooth gnashing over the past few
years it was nice to see the whole world
come together
to make fun of a boat it really was the
container ship
known as the ever given was wedged in
the suez canal for the last six days
was finally freed this morning by a
fleet of tugboats same way they got
trump out of the white house
and the suez canal i think we all
learned a little bit
about it in school it's one of the main
arteries for ships carrying goods around
the globe
it was completely blocked by this ship
basically capitalism had a heart attack
over this last week
the ship that got stuck was loaded with
ikea furniture which means thousands of
men in their 20s
now have an excuse for why they don't
own a headboard but
the value the total value of the goods
that were unable to get through
amounted to something like 10 billion
dollars a day
and they say we may see the effects of
the log jam
in stores in particular they say we
might have a shortage of coffee and
toilet paper because
the good news is without one you might
not need the other but
still it's crazy that something like
this
can bring the world of commerce to a
halt i never realized how narrow the
suez canal is this is what it looks like
from above so much of our stuff has to
squeeze through that
littles can we loosen that up at a
carpool lane or something
i mean if this was a urethra they'd have
to operate they would have to
they're still investigating how it
happened the shipping company
is blaming a strong gust of wind which
you know
they finished this canal in 1869 in 150
years this is the first time they had
wind
we're also learning more about the
origin of the corona virus kova 19
according to a
new report from the world health
organization covet 19 most likely
took hold in an animal specifically
this cat with a waffle on its head
[Applause]
former members of donald trump's
pandemic team are speaking out dr debra
burks you remember her with the scarf
she says she believes the death toll
could have been much lower if the trump
administration
had taken the virus more seriously dr
burks sat with dr sanjay gupta last
night on cnn
to belatedly bemoan her work at the
white house you were the covet
coordinator and no one's
no one around you is wearing masks that
must have
that must have felt like you were being
marginalized that people really weren't
listening to you
that was marginalized every day i mean
that is no question on i would say
majority of the people in the white
house
did not take this seriously no well
thanks for letting us know now
as i recall you sat very quietly while
the president suggested we
gargle windex to get rid of it but dr
burke says she's being censored by the
white house
as if she couldn't have called like a
dozen news networks
at any time there was more leaking
coming from trump's white house
than trump's golf pants that would not
have been a problem
dr fauci expressed similar thoughts
about the pandemic being mishandled in
his interview with cnn
and so today trump responded with a
letter that begins
statement by donald j trump 45th
president
of the united states of america based on
their interviews i felt it was time to
speak up about dr fauci and dr burks
two self-promoters love when
the guy who puts his name on everything
calls someone a sophomore
trying to reinvent history to cover for
their bad instincts and faulty
recommendations
which fortunately i almost always
overturned in a fake interview last
night on cnn
dr fauci who said he was an athlete in
college but couldn't throw a baseball
even close to home plate it was a roller
tried to take credit for the vaccine
i was the one to get it done and even
the fake news knows and reports this dr
burks is a proven liar again
with very little credibility left dr
burks was a terrible medical advisor
which is why i
seldom followed her advice time has
proven me correct i only kept dr fauci
and dr berks on
because they worked for the us
government for so long they are like a
bad habit
and then it ends and then he fell asleep
in his mashed potatoes or something i
don't know
meanwhile president biden today
announced that within three weeks 90 of
american adults will be eligible to get
the vaccine 75 percent of americans
including a majority of republicans
approve of the way biden
has handled the rollout of the vaccine
which is driving them absolutely
nuts in trump land eric trump popped his
dopey little head onto fox news
yesterday to ask a question that is on
literally
no one's mind at what point does joe
biden know what point
does the administration come out and say
you know he did a really good job
delivering us a vaccine and now we're
going to spend you know the next
six months distributing out to everybody
else i mean why does that need to be
controversial why why can somebody not
admit that somebody did a phenomenal job
my father did a phenomenal job with the
vaccine and
literally it probably saved millions and
millions of lives in this country
yeah i wonder why man i bet it's because
your father told us to drink bleach and
went golfing 30 times while the virus
was spreading
just a hunch but eric love seeing my
father he says father more times in one
interview than i did in seven years as
an altar boy
i saw how much time and effort my father
put into the job you know how many times
my father went down to the border
there's no one that knows my father as
well as i do my father did a phenomenal
job
i just don't understand it my father my
father my father my father they tried to
impeach my father
oh well somebody please take that kid
fishing already it is
if they weren't so terrible this would
be the saddest family in the world and
while eddie
eric is uh pleading for credit on cable
tv daddy donnie stopped into a wedding
at mar-a-lago
he rents his house out for weddings okay
one of his friends slash club member
donors got married at mar-a-lago on
saturday and the former president
had some beautiful words for the bride
and groom turning off the news i get all
these
flash reports and they're telling me
about the border
they're telling me about about china
how are we doing with iran how do you
like that well they weren't ready to
make a deal they would have done
anything they would have done anything
and this guy goes and drops the
sanctions and then he says what to
negotiate now
we're not dealing with the united states
they don't want to deal with that
you know what i said the same thing at
my brother's wedding it was word for
word
i love this so much watch the band
behind him as he goes on and on about
how great he was they're like
can we just play dancing queen and get
the hell out of here look it's a
disaster it's a humanitarian disaster
from their standpoint
and it's going to destroy the country
and frankly the country can't afford it
because you're talking about massive
just incredibly massive amounts our
school systems our hospital systems
everything
so it's a rough thing and i just say do
you miss me yet
it's a wedding it is a wedding
i used to be a dj at weddings when i was
in college i've seen some weird toasts
never have i seen one like this
how do you give a drunken wedding toast
when you don't even drink we did get 75
million votes nobody's ever got to that
they said get 66 million votes sir
and the election's over one got 75
million and they said
but you know you saw what happened 10 30
in the evening all of a sudden they said
that's a strange thing why are they
closing up certain places right
yeah a lot of things happening right now
i just wanted to say
it's an honor to be here it's an honor
to have you at mar-a-lago
you are a great and beautiful couple for
many many years
this is what he does now he babbles at
weddings he complains
whenever someone plays the song ymca he
magically appears like beetlejuice
and so he ended the speech by
instructing the guests to violently
storm the buffet table
yet another trump ally may have to pay
for peddling his nonsensical election
claims
fox news just got hit with a 1.6 billion
lawsuit
from dominion voting systems i feel like
the only reason dominion hasn't sued
trump yet
is they know for sure he doesn't have a
billion dollars but
they're now suing fox rudy giuliani
sydney powell
and mike lindell the mypillow guy who
has a new new theory
that may finally prove that his head is
full of feathers too
all the evidence i have everything is
going to go before the supreme court
and the election of 2020 is going
bye-bye i it was an attack by other
country
communism coming in i don't know what
they're going to do with what after they
pull it down but it's
but hang on hang on donald trump
yeah the crackhead pillow salesman is
right by august donald trump will be
back in
office and mike lindell will be living
in a van by the river
wait until the pillow guy does a deep
dive into this one according to multiple
studies
human penises specifically the ones on
men
are getting smaller they are shrinking
as a result of pollution
so finally something to blame our
shortcomings on other than dad
you know they say this uh pattern of
shrinkage is caused by chemicals
in certain plastics do you know the
average person eats about a credit
card's worth of plastic
every week forget the vaccines that's
how bill gates gets the chips into us
every year we eat a whole deck of
discover cards
researchers believe that if we don't get
our act together in the future
all men will be ken and
plastic and if that doesn't get
republicans in congress to do something
about climate change i don't know if
anything will
at least it might create some new
environmental lists so what brings you
to greenpeace
speaking of wieners congressman devin
nunes
this you couldn't make up the team nunes
last week had to correct multiple
mistakes on their financial
filings because the mistakes were made
by his campaign treasurer who also
happens to be his mom
doesn't devin nunes look like a guy who
would hire his mom to be
treasurer the answer is yes he does our
new vice president
is reportedly a bit po'd kamala harris
is said to be frustrated because she and
her husband have not been able to move
into
the vice president's official residence
apparently there are renovations going
on that still aren't finished
it turns out uninstalling the pence's
sex dungeon
takes a lot longer than they thought it
would
it's crazy that they're still two months
they're two months past the inauguration
and they're working on
imagine you just became the second in
command and the most
the most powerful country on earth they
make you spend the first three months on
a futon
in college basketball the elite eight
round of the ncaa tournament is underway
if they continue to win gonzaga
could become the first fictional
university to finish
a season undefeated as of showtime
tonight there were two
cinderella candidates still in it ucla
and 11th seed and oregon state a 12 seed
and as is six seed usc in other words
this is a great year for people
who filled out their bracket with a
magic eight ball
tonight is notable not in that not one
but two of our guests are here in the
flesh
things are loosening up a little bit
which is exciting but it's also a little
bit nerve-wracking i was telling my wife
sally uh that i'm molly sorry
molly right yeah i was telling uh
her that um i was saying i'm ready to go
back to normal but i also want to keep
the good things from lockdown like i
want to get rid of the i want to be able
to go out to eat but i also don't want
to have
a meeting ever again so we've been hold
up for so long i feel like maybe some of
us have forgotten how to behave in
public so
we put an instructional video together
to help you acclimate
please pay close attention because this
is one of the most important things
we've ever done
society remember that kooky place now
that a vaccine is on the way
you'll be back to the real world
lickety-split but in case you're rusty
here are a few tips to ensure a
successful return to regular life
let's begin these are pants they go on
your legs
which are those two log looking things
below your penis
pants are important and you're expected
to wear them in public almost got it
looking good now out the door you go
oh looks like someone's developed a
crippling fear of the outside world
well bottle up those emotions you little
it's time for work
[Music]
isn't it great to be back in the office
with your creaky chair and obsolete
computer
hold on what happened to your pants
oops you're fired oh well
but at least now you have some free time
on your hands
[Music]
hooray for movie theaters
[Applause]
now you're not supposed to use your
phone during the film
but nobody cared about that before yes
i'd love to take a survey so why start
now
you shut up i'll kill you
[Applause]
isn't it great being around your fellow
man once again
ah humanity it sure is the worst
well that's it for now join us tomorrow
when we reintroduce you
to high fives no
all right there you go there you go
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it
you will you hurt my feelings